{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 SimSun;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 MS Mincho;}{\f6\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial Unicode MS;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f8\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f9\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\ql\rtlch\af9\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe255\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\ql\rtlch\af8\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\ql\rtlch\af8\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\ql\rtlch\af8\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Absatz-Standardschriftart;}
{\*\cs9\cf0\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 WW-Absatz-Standardschriftart;}
{\*\cs10\cf0\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 WW-Absatz-Standardschriftart1;}
{\*\cs11\cf0\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 WW-Absatz-Standardschriftart11;}
{\*\cs12\cf0\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Numbering Symbols;}
}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1080}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1800}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2520}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2880}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li3240}{\listname WW8Num1;}\listid1}
}{\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls0}}

{\info{\creatim\yr2009\mo12\dy2\hr19\min15}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern3200}}\deftab709
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}
{\pgdsc1\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 First Page;}}
{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\af9\afs32\lang255\ab\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs32\lang1033\b\loch\fs32\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs32\lang1033\i0\b Areas:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\af9\afs32\lang255\ab\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs32\lang1033\b\loch\fs32\lang1033\b 
\par \pard\plain {\listtext\pard\plain \li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\f6\langfe255\f9\lang255 1.\tab}\ilvl0 \ltrpar\s1\ls0\li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs28\loch\fs28 Iban Jungle-}}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{  Set on the nature planet Triene,}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs28\loch\fs28  }{Iban Jungle is a very large, Amazon-esque jungle with extremely high treetops and a wide number of flora and fauna, mostly not seen on Earth or  anywhere near. The ACRO have used the planet several times in the
 past for races, and many spectators name it to be one of the more enjoyable locates to watch races, due to the exotic and colorful locale...and they have air-conditioned clear spectator areas to enjoy the race in. The racers, however, tend to think differ
ent, as they must sweat it out in the wide, twisting, and humid track environments that the engineers have built in order to keep environmental damage low. Still, despite the various barricades that have been set up, that doesn't stop animals from sometime
s wandering onto the tracks or 'playfully' causing accidents amongst the racers.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\af9\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs28\lang1033\loch\fs28\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain {\listtext\pard\plain \li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\f6\langfe255\f9\lang255 2.\tab}\ilvl0 \ltrpar\s1\ls0\li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs28\loch\fs28 Batam Gorge-}}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{  Batam Gorge is a rocky, chaotic canyon full of precarious ledges and shaky rock formations. The entire area is also dry and hot and seemingly unrepentant about that all year around. The canyon's immense size and shape of its natural formations
 have practically pre-made the courses around it; much to the delight of the ACRO. Many hazards about here, from falling rocks to sudden sandstorms to parts of the track destabilizing and wrecking without warning- there is even an old mining cavern that tr
avels miles below the surface, lit only by the unstable glowing crystals that line its pathways. Still, most racers don't mind coming if if only for one reason- the Galbrad Crater, an extremely empty, immense crater from ages long past on the planet that a
llows racers to really cut loose and hit the throttle (as well as each other).}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\af9\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs28\lang1033\loch\fs28\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain {\listtext\pard\plain \li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\f6\langfe255\f9\lang255 3.\tab}\ilvl0 \ltrpar\s1\ls0\li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs28\loch\fs28 Gear City-}}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{  One of the most technologically advanced cities on the planet, Gear City is considered to be a sacred mecca for racers, professional and amateur alike. With its white and silver sky-high towers and amazing size and scenic view from the top, Sout
h Gear City and North Gear City are the first and last stops on every PAR tour respectively, and is often the place where racers let it all out- some say that this is just the natural feel of the city, where everyone simply has to strive to do the absolute
 best they can.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\af9\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs28\lang1033\loch\fs28\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain {\listtext\pard\plain \li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\f6\langfe255\f9\lang255 4.\tab}\ilvl0 \ltrpar\s1\ls0\li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs28\loch\fs28 Berice Ice Field}}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{ - An incredibly large ice field currently being drilled and excavated for minerals on the planet Zebite, the Berice Ice Field was home to the horrific accident 2 years ago that left several racers dead, and  1# contender for the championshi
p Michelle McHearten without her natural legs. It may have been that same ice that saved her life, however- without the incredibly cold weather, it's entirely possible that she may have lost too much blood in order to save her. Michelle underwent a rapid s
urgery, and while many thought she wouldn't race ever again, she proved them wrong by coming back from a two race deficit and actually winning the PAR Grand Championship. The hairpin turn the accident happened on is now call 'McHearten's Trial' in her hono
r.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\af9\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs28\lang1033\loch\fs28\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain {\listtext\pard\plain \li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\f6\langfe255\f9\lang255 5.\tab}\ilvl0 \ltrpar\s1\ls0\li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs28\loch\fs28 Telmine Space Station- }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{ Telmine Station is a circular, well-used space station primarily made for space trader and freight carriers to take a break and rest for a few days, but nowadays has grown into something of a vacation home station for those who can a
fford it. The space station is thusly well funded and includes various amenities, such as a casino and restaurants, and even its own local police force to watch of the civilians staying there. The tracks set up in the station are arranged to allow for some
 incredible looking races, with the backdrop of deep space right behind the racers screaming along the track, going from the docking port to the underarea of the space station, to out to the farthest the artificial gravity will let them- often, this far ou
t, stardust tends to accumulate on the track, giving it an ethereal sheen.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\af9\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs28\lang1033\loch\fs28\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain {\listtext\pard\plain \li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\f6\langfe255\f9\lang255 6.\tab}\ilvl0 \ltrpar\s1\ls0\li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs28\loch\fs28 Yeommi Cloudlands}}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{ - The planet Ularm is host to a race of flying bird-like creatures, and they have generously allowed the ACRO to build one of their tracks on the oddly floating yet organic environment of their homeworld. This has led the PAR organizers to
 dream up a very twisty, high flying track that allows the riders to really soar and see the fantastic floating islands and beautifully white landscapes and buildings that make up the planet...when not soaring pell-mell through the clouds that consistently
 cover the track. Most have agreed that it's sure to make for spectacular jumps and scenes.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\af9\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs28\lang1033\loch\fs28\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain {\listtext\pard\plain \li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\f6\langfe255\f9\lang255 7.\tab}\ilvl0 \ltrpar\s1\ls0\li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs28\loch\fs28 Treen Port City-}}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{  An old port town against the sea, Treen is looking for any way they can get funds for repairs to their town. Thusly, they've allowed the ACRO to build here, in the hopes that the revenue gathered by the tourism will boost the local economy
...which desperately needs it, as the former grand-looking, technological marvel of a port town, backended by an expanse of dry wilderness, is now decrepit and rusty looking, and many of the once glittering neon signs are cracked, broken, and seemingly rea
dy to fall at any given minute. At the very least, this promises riders a lot of obstacles to avoid...and to maneuver their opponents into. One of the hallmarks is the large stretch of track that takes people over the side of the nearby dam, and under the 
bay's waves.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\af9\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs28\lang1033\loch\fs28\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain {\listtext\pard\plain \li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\f6\langfe255\f9\lang255 8.\tab}\ilvl0 \ltrpar\s1\ls0\li1080\ri0\lin1080\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 ACRO Stadium Circuit- The ACRO Stadium Circuit is generally considered to be the starting point for all up and coming PAR racers. An immense closed, clear dome of a track, it's a basic duo of a figure 8 and oval courses that allow the newer riders to get u
sed to the speed and style of the ACRO League. Not actually used in the Prix races, this is nonetheless the site of a fair few notable non-prix grudge matches between certain individuals.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\li360\ri0\lin360\rin0\fi0\ql\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af6\langfe255\hich\fs24\lang1033\loch\fs24\lang1033 
\par }